add upgrade note (#363)
portworx/pxdocs: content/install-with-other/nomad/post-install-upgrade/_index.md

hidden: true
---

> It is straightforward to upgrade _Portworx_ with Nomad. Just edit the `portworx.nomadfile` you used for initial deployment and update the container version. As an example, here's how you would update to version 2.1.2 (the latest stable at the time of this writing):

Reviewer: Generally, I avoid making blanket claims that things are "easy" or "straightforward" since it can frustrate users if things go wrong. I would also recommend making these instructions more explicit, since this is a task. 

I'm also not sure we should include "(the latest stable at the time of this writing)". To me, this should be implied with the 2.1.2 release. Do we typically have differing support for minor versions within the same doc set? 

I would do something like this, but feel free to play with the verbosity:

```suggestion
Upgrade _Portworx_ with Nomad by editing the `portworx.nomadfile` job(?) you used for initial deployment and updating the container version. 

Perform the following steps to update to _Portworx_ version 2.1.2:

1. Modify the `image` key value in your `portworx.nomadfile` job(?), changing the version to `2.1.2`:

`
image = "portworx/oci-monitor:2.1.2"
`

2. Rerun the `portworx.nomad` job(?)

`
nomad run portworx.nomad
`

```

Author: @nathan-px At the moment, we cherry-pick from `master` to `2.0` and `2.1`. Anyway, your suggested changes look good.

Regarding "I would also recommend making these instructions more explicit, since this is a task." -> This is probably a good idea, but I need more details or a test environment to try it out myself.

hidden: true
---

Upgrade _Portworx_ with Nomad by editing the `portworx.nomad` file you used for initial deployment and updating the container version.

Perform the following steps to update to _Portworx_ version 2.1.2:

1. Modify the `image` key value in your `portworx.nomad` file, changing the version to `2.1.2`:

```text
image = "portworx/oci-monitor:2.1.2"
```

> 2. Rerun the `portworx.nomad` file

Reviewer: missing a colon
```suggestion
2. Rerun the `portworx.nomad` file:
```
